Feedback:
    Just say Mani - Write the supervisors on the first slide
    Always use Metabolismecenter
    Maybe not have prob stmt explicitly
        Or on 2nd slide
    Missing MTV Maximum InformatiVe
    Define maxent
    BIC-score up/down, 
    U values, what do they mean.

    Ask for questions afterwards
    Ask Rasmus about about abstraction level

    Motivation:
        1. Too general. Rephrase to more concrete to finding patterns,
        and how studying and comparing their structure in healthy/unhealthy people. Help us understanding human health. - One-liner
        2. MTV say some more here. 
        Better: Apply and evaluate MTV in practice

    MTV - itemset mining:
        Consider simpler examle of dataset without binary transactions
        Introduce 'summary', and be explicit about what surprising itemsets are. Use, "itemsets that describe the data"
        What is support

    MTV - algorithm
        Make it more clear what MTV actually is and does
        Algorithm more explicitly as bullets.
        Define maxent and surprising.
        Maybe an example with a dataset, showing what could be found by MTV.
            ex color-code one pattern.
            ex show dist. -> what pattern is surprising -> model update
                show changed dist.
        Consider somethong more visually appealing

        Why mention the Lagrangian? We could prabably leave it out and 
        talk a bit more about IterativeScaling

    HMP:
        US mostly.
        Just mention that the data is structed in as a tree.
        Say that it is ordered hierarchical
            Give a 'silly' example of what the hierarchy is
            Use an example of humans
        Statistics on the dataset
        Introduce Faust et al.
            And we are comparing with their results - this is how we evaluate.

    Discretization:
        Start with showing the actual data from Faust et al. in excel.
            Show this earlier, we want to apply it to this thing.
        Be explicit about the relative abundances.
            If converted to percentages it could become self-explanatory.
            Remove 'weird' values on axis. -.0.5, 1.2 etc
            Make it not-pixelated, and visually appealing


    Demo:
        No reason to explicitly overgo the arguments. Simply explain the effect of the command running MTV.

    Results:
        Better explanation of what we see in the last Faust result.
        Increase edge thikness.
        Define the color patterns at forehand.
        Better colors.
        Edge labels are hard to see - larger font maybe.
        Use the same summary indeces everywhere.
        Explain the experiment setup for the last results.




